//1.What is the difference between forEach, map, filter and reduce ? 
map creates a new array by transforming every element in an array, 
individually. filter creates a new array by removing elements that don't belong. reduce , on the other hand, 
takes all of the elements in an array and reduces them into a single value. Just like map and filter , reduce is defined on Array

//2.Explain these using your own words Explain the difference between function declaration and arrow function ?
The method find() is very similar to findIndex() . The only difference is that the find method returns the element value,
but the findIndex method returns the element index.

//3.Explain the difference between find and findIndex ?
JavaScript has a lot of useful methods that we can use to achieve certain operations in our development. The method find() and findIndex are two array methods that we can use in JavaScript.
So in this article, we will learn about the methods find and findIndex by covering the differences between them. Let’s get right into it.

//4.If you like to filter out one object element in an array which method do you like to use: filter or find ?
The find() method returns the first value that matches from the collection. Once it matches the value in findings, it will not check the remaining values in the array collection. 
 The filter() method returns the matched values in an array from the collection. It will check all values in the collection and return the matched values in an array.

//5.Explain Explain the difference of var, let and const when we declare a variable ? 
var declarations are globally scoped or function scoped while let and const are block scoped.
-- var variables can be updated and re-declared within its scope; let variables can be updated but not re-declared; const variables can neither be updated nor re-declared. 
-- They are all hoisted to the top of their scope. But while var variables are initialized with undefined, let and const variables are not initialized. 
-- While var and let can be declared without being initialized, const must be initialized during declaration.

‍